This video is a complete masterclass on
Claude code and search engine
optimization. We're going to be going
over two strategies that I have used to
earn over half a million dollars on the
previous company I sold, generate 50,000
clicks every single month or 1,500
clicks every single day. Took me four
to maybe six years to learn this kind of
stuff, and we are going to be condensing
it down into an hour-long video. Now,
you don't need to know anything
technical in order to set this whole
thing up because Claude code is going to
do all of the heavy lifting for you.
Now, if you guys are unaware about what
SEO is, it stands for search engine
optimization, and it's the process of
ranking your website as high up through
Google as possible. So, let's say
somebody types in Toronto plumbing
company, you want to be as high up as
possible so that you can turn that web
visitor into a paying customer. And here
is why it matters, because if you look
at the if you look at the stats around
it, 40% or four in every 10 people that
search for a keyword like this will end
up going to the first link on the page.
Then you have 20% of people going to the
second link on the page, and then so on
and so forth, it goes down dramatically.
Today we're going to be talking about
how you can get as many pages to rank as
high as possible in the most in the
quickest time frame possible. Why it
also matters is because if you deploy
the wrong SEO strategy, you're only
going to find out it's the wrong
strategy maybe two, three, four years
down the pipeline, and you probably
don't want to waste that much time,
right? So, today we're talking about
four things. How you can find winning
keywords. Not every keyword is created
equal. You need to find the winners and
rank for those. We're going to talk
about how you can systematically easily
do that. Then we're going to talk about
on-page SEO and technical SEO. These are
two sides of the same coin. On-page SEO
is everything you write about your page.
It's the stuff you write about, the
structure, um and how you publish it,
okay? Technical SEO is how your your
site is built. It's things like load
speed. It's things like core web vitals.
It's all the technical stuff that you'd
otherwise have to learn. Now, just to
keep in mind, some websites, like if we
go to this competitor up top here,
Homestars, these guys probably have an
entire division of people doing on-page
SEO and technical SEO full-time [snorts]
for their company. What they are doing
every single day you could probably
duplicate just with one person using
Claude code, and I'm going to show you
exactly how you can do that. And
off-page SEO is essentially what the
rest of the internet has to say about
your business. It's also how much trust
and authority Google places in you. Now,
just before we move on to building out
the website and going through it step by
step, I want to cover AI SEO because
this is blowing up absolutely everywhere
right now. Everyone's talking about it.
And here's my honest thoughts about it.
AI SEO is essentially the same as SEO.
If you rank well for SEO, then you're
going to rank well for AI SEO. It's
really just that simple, and here is why
I think that's the case. Because if you
were to ask Google, ChatGPT, Perplexity,
or Claude
a question, the first thing it's going
to do is exactly what you would do
before large language models were a
thing. It would search for the answer on
a and on like a search engine like
Google, for example. It would pull out
the listings, get the information back,
and then serve it to you. So, as long as
you can rank well for SEO, you should
also rank well for AI SEO. Okay, cool.
So, we're talking about two tactics
today that generated me $500,000.
The first one is blog posts at scale.
The second one is creating service
pages. If those aren't crystal clear to
you, no worries. We're going to be
getting into both of them extensively.
The first thing is we actually have to
create a website, okay? So, how we do
that is through Claude code. Now, if you
guys are unfamiliar with Claude code, no
worries whatsoever. I'm going to give
you a 10-second crash course here. Head
over to the site antigravity.google
and download the free desktop
application. This is a coding workspace.
Now, when I say coding workspace, it
sounds technical, which technically it
is, but you don't have to know a line of
code. You don't need to know anything
technical whatsoever for this to work.
As long as you can copy and paste,
you're going to be totally fine. Okay,
so once we download this, you're going
to arrive at a place like like a
application like this, and in the
extensions tab, you can search for
Claude code and install it. Once you've
got both of those set, then you're good
to go, okay? The only thing we have to
do to create our website is open a
folder. Every time you have a Claude
code project, it always lives within a
folder on your computer. So, I'm going
to go ahead and create a new folder.
This is going to be called SEO brief.
Okay? And this is an empty folder. We
got our parent folder, okay? Nothing is
in it so far. The only thing we have to
do is add one file, and that's called
the Claude.md file.
In this file, this is like think about
an analogy of you hiring an employee.
You need to train them on what they need
to do, how to behave, all the standard
operating procedures. This is the same
thing just for Claude to do his job
properly. And this will also be in the
description down below for free. I will
have a link to my free school community,
and in this page that I link you to,
there will be this Claude.md web app
file. Just grab this whole file and
paste it in here, and that's essentially
it. We are good to go. We have the
building blocks on creating our website.
Now, keep in mind, if you were to try
and do this on WordPress or something
like that,
you'd be spending like a freaking long
time setting up hosting and setting up
your DNS records and all that kind of
stuff and then actually editing your
site. It could take like four or five
hours to do what we've already done in
essentially a couple seconds. From here,
all we're going to do is we're going to
open up Claude by hitting this icon and
type in a prompt, and it's going to
build the whole site out for us.
Can you please build out a beautiful
website for me with the following pages:
a homepage, a index page for my blog
posts, an index page for my service
posts, and that's it. I'm going to
attach a screenshot down below of the
design I'm looking for. Please clone or
copy that exact design when building out
the website page.
That's it. We're building three pages
here. If you don't know what index pages
are, no problem. We're going to talk
about it after it's built, and we also
need to attach a screenshot. So,
typically speaking, when you build
anything inside of Claude code, it's
going to come out as AI slop unless you
give a nice reference point, and that's
where the site Dribbble comes in. It's
free to use. You can type in something
like plumbing website, click on the
first link here, and then take a
screenshot of this landing page right
here.
Oops. So, we'll take a screenshot.
And inside Claude, in order to attach
that, we hit the plus button down here,
upload from our computer.
We will
connect that screenshot in, send it off,
and it's going to build the whole site.
All right, and it just finished up. We
can take a look at the site by going
over to the link right over here,
localhost, okay? Usually there's a
clickable link. Once you click that,
it'll direct you to your browser, and
you can see the whole page built out.
Just very basic site. Looks pretty
really beautiful actually on the first
shot. This is an index, okay? A blog
index is where you have a list of all
the blog posts you wrote. So, if you
have 10 blog posts, it would list 10
over here. If you have one like we do
here, it's just going to list one. If
you had 100, it would list 100, and so
on and so forth. So, we've got the very
bare bones of a website built out for
us, which is great. There's one step
that we need to do in order to make sure
our website is optimized off the bat,
and I don't want to spend too much time
on this because this is something that's
technical that I'm going to break down
very simply, but it's really important
to go over. There's three types of
website builds anytime you're dealing
with Claude code, okay? And this is just
really important to be able to avoid
right away. So, the first thing is is
that you have something called static
site generation, server-side rendering,
and client-side rendering. You don't
need to remember any of this. This is
not super important past just
like taking note of it, but we want
something called static site generation.
Let's think about it like ordering a
pizza. You go into a restaurant and you
ask for a slice of pizza. Static site
generation means the pizza is already
made. The person says, "Yeah, no
problem. Here's your slice," and you're
off in 10 seconds. Next one is you go in
to order the pizza, and you have to wait
for them to cook it, and that takes
time. The third option is you have to
make it yourself. You go in, you want
pizza, you make it every yourself, you
try and find where the flour is, it
takes forever, sometimes you can't make
it. So, the reason why this is important
is because websites function the same
way. Google crawls your website, and
when they crawl your website, they will
rank your website on Google, and that
will determine how high up the search
engines you actually go. So, this SEO
all depends on your website being
crawled by Google. If Google doesn't
access your website or can't find it or
if it's not complete, you're never going
to get ranked anyways. You can spend 10
years on SEO, it doesn't matter. If you
can't rank it, you're never going to get
the results you want. And so, we need
static site generation. When Google goes
to the site, it finds the page
instantly. With the other version, okay,
it goes to the site, waits for the page
to load and build, and takes time, and
it's not optimized. The third option, it
doesn't even give you the site back. It
just gives you nothing, and that can
can't really rank on Google whatsoever.
So, we need to make sure that we have a
static site generation, and by default
with the Claude.md file that you're
downloading below, it's going to tell um
tell Claude code to build this out of
static site generation, this is a
requirement. Okay, cool. So, that's the
only thing I want to point out right
away. The next thing is we need to find
keywords. If you recall, we had four
different buckets. Finding keywords is
the first chapter, okay? Not all
keywords are created equal. If you go
into Claude here and you ask it, "Give
me 20 keywords for plumbing."
It's going to give you its best guess at
20 keywords. If you were to follow this,
you'd probably be screwed. Um you're
probably not going to get the right
keywords or at least the needles in a
haystack that you otherwise would want
to find the winning strategy to rank
really fast to get results, to get
clients, to get money, and all that kind
of stuff. This is not going to be your
best shot at doing this. What you need
is a standalone SEO tool to get this
done. I have used SEMrush for probably
4, 5 years now and you can get started
on a free trial. Now, once you start on
SEMrush, you'll go to SEO and the
keyword magic tool, okay? What this does
is it helps you find magically keywords.
Okay, that was kind of a a dad joke, but
we can just type in plumber here, okay?
This is a root keyword, meaning that as
long as it's going to give us back a
bunch of variations of the same keyword
with the word plumber in it. So,
plumber, plumber near me, emergency
plumber, so on and so forth. Now, here's
why not every keyword is rated equally.
Let's say you wanted to rank for
plumber.
That's awesome. There's probably 10
other million websites that also want to
rank for the exact same keyword. And if
we just type in plumbing on Google or
plumber on Google, you're going to be
competing with the world's biggest
websites. Who's going to rank? Somebody
who just started a website 10 seconds
ago or HomeStars, which has been doing
this for 10 years and has an entire SEO
team doing everything? Is it going to be
the person that starts first or is it
going to be the person that, you know,
runs Wikipedia, for example? You
obviously know the answer to that
question. So, we need to filter these
uh results down. We typed in plumber, we
got a million keywords, that's great,
but we only need a couple thousand or a
couple hundred to make this effective.
First thing is is we want to choose a
keyword difficulty of 30 or below. That
means that the keyword by itself is not
difficult to rank for. You'd have a shot
at actually getting up the search engine
rankings. Okay, so if you have something
that's like a keyword difficulty of two
out of 10, it's very easy to rank for,
you posting a blog could literally get
up all the way to potentially rank one,
two, or three very quickly. I've had
this happen multiple times. And the
second thing is um
the second thing is is that we also want
to search for keywords that have at
least a volume of 100. If something has
like two people searching for it a
month, we don't want to
rank for that. And when we're going in
through Claude, Claude doesn't even know
how many search uh results these are
picking up every single month. It
doesn't know the keyword difficulty of
these particular blog posts. And the
last thing is is the intent of the blog
of the uh the search, okay? Not all
searches are equal. Some searches are
for informational queries, some are for
commercial queries. So, if I type in buy
Nike shoes, people don't have intent to
read a blog post about buying Nike
shoes. They have the intent to purchase
Nike shoes. That's why when you search
Nike shoes, it has all of these
e-commerce sites ready to sell you their
products and services. Just like when
you ask, "How much does a plumber cost?"
It's not like listing out, you know, uh
like plumbing equipment for you to buy
because the the intent behind the
keyword is slightly different. So, we
need to rank for
informational keywords. And now we've
ranked we've gone down from million
words to 600 6,000 words. Cool. So, we
can now just go through this and find
keywords that we'd actually want to rank
for, actually create blog posts for. So,
for example, plumbing installation is a
good service keyword. Hydrojet Plumbing
is probably another person's business.
If I just search this up, yep.
Uh
Hydrojet Plumbing. No, okay. So, this is
actually something that maybe is another
service.
Plumb Bob. This is probably a um
this is probably something we don't want
to rank for, okay?
And so on and so forth. You get the
point. We want to rank for keywords that
are not people's businesses. They're not
um people looking to start their own
plumbing company. They're keywords that
people are interested in that could
potentially become a paying customer,
okay? So, we want to be very intentional
about that kind of stuff. So, other
things, plumber fix shower, that's
another one. Plumber plumbing drain, uh
washing machine is another one. Zeke the
Plumber, okay? If we just search this
up, this is a plumbing icon, okay? So,
this is exactly what you probably would
not want to rank for, another person's
plumbing company or whatever the case
may be. So, once we found these
keywords, we can add them into a keyword
list that we can export to have Claude
Code build out the pages for us. We'll
send the keywords,
click apply,
and create a new empty list. I already
have one. It's called plumbing keywords,
and you can just add these right over
there. We can see that I've added
officially a couple more. So, those are
just a few keywords. You'd want to go
through and get a couple hundred to a
couple thousand keywords that you can
rank for. Sometimes it's not always easy
to get winning keywords, okay? Depending
on the niche that you're in. And here's
a couple other ways you can do it.
There's a questions tab right here that
you can click, and these are great blog
post ideas as well. How long does it
take to become a plumber? This is
somebody competing with you, so you
probably would not want to rank for
that, although you could if you wanted
to. Um how much does a plumber cost?
This is a great keyword because these
are directly customers that are
interested in hiring your service, so
I'd select that. And so on and so forth.
So, you can go down the list with
questions as well. Once you're done, you
can add them to your keyword list over
here, okay? Last couple things are
adjacent topics. I would find the same
audience of people looking for plumbers
just higher up the funnel. So, if we
type in I don't know, funnel over here.
Maybe, and I'm just going to go with
some arbitrary funnel here, but maybe
this is when people are ready to buy
your service, but you should be having
blog posts for all of the traffic above
this before they're even ready to make
that purchase with a plumber to actually
get their attention, get their foot in
the door, okay? And so, adjacent
keywords could be best water softener
2026, tankless first tank water heater,
signs you need a new water heater. All
of these things can kind of um capture
your prospects before their dogs in heat
that want plumbing services immediately.
This will help them come back to you
later down the road. And then of course,
you can find uh competitors on SEMrush,
too. You can type in a competitor and
see what keywords they're ranking for,
take those keywords, apply it to your
own campaign. Cool. So, now that we have
the keywords, we can export these to
Claude Code.
Inside the keyword strategy builder, we
have plumbing keywords. I'm going to
enter into this, export as a CSV file.
And once we export it, we can load it
into Claude Code here. Cool. So, I have
my keywords here. Let's drag this into
antigravity, and I'm going to rename
this as keywords. So, here's all the
keywords that I have gotten so far. What
we want to do is we want to turn each
one of these keywords into an individual
blog post. So, we want to start ranking
for those particular keywords. So, now
what we're going to do is essentially
create our first blog post.
Can you please create a blog post for me
about plumber for low water pressure?
That's the keyword that I want you to
use, and I also want you to
create a keyword cluster. That keyword
cluster can either be from common
keywords in the keywords.csv file or you
can just make it up.
Please add in images from Pexels, and my
API key is in the .env file attached.
Okay. Um awesome. So, there's a couple
things going on here that uh we should
be aware about.
First of all, we have a keyword that
we're creating a blog post for. We have
something called keyword clusters, and
then we also have images that we want to
add into our uh blog posts. In order to
get the images, we'll head over to
Pexels, okay? This is an image library,
just like this. We can grab plumbing
images for our blog post for free that
we can use royalty-free without getting
into any trouble using their pictures.
We'll type in Pexels API. We will hit
this API route right over here. And how
do I get an API key? First of all, you
have to create an account, and then
second of all, you have to request an
API key. So, I will log in with my
account here.
And we can just select a project name,
all this kind of stuff, generate the API
key, and you'll get it immediately. Once
you have that key, it'll look something
like this. You paste that into the .env
folder, okay? A .env folder is just
where you store your password, secret
keys, anything you wouldn't want anyone
else to see, which is ironic because you
can see mine right here. And it just the
the naming convention goes whatever you
want to call it equals, and then you
paste the API key right over here. Now,
we have access to grabbing photos, and
I'll show you what keyword clusters mean
after I generate this page. Okay, sweet.
So, the blog post has been created and
this is what it looks like. We have the
images from Pexel. Okay, so it actually
found plumbing images right off the bat.
It generated the whole blog post and
we've also included a keyword cluster.
Let me explain again what keyword
clusters are. So,
traditionally inside SEO, instead of
ranking just for one keyword, you want
to rank for multiple different keywords
on the same page. So, here's what it
looks like. You might have a root
keyword like how to unclog a drain. And
that's great, you can rank for that. But
you'd be losing a a lot of opportunities
if you didn't rank for similar keywords
as well. So, unclog kitchen sink, unclog
bathroom sink, drain won't drain, slow
drain sink, uh
home remedy clogged drain, what
dissolves hair in drain, all these kind
of keywords you can add into that page.
And so, what you can do is now we can
make, you know, one blog post or 20 blog
posts or 100 blog posts. They all have a
root keyword, but you're also ranking
for all these secondary and tertiary
keywords as well. So, that um you have
way more probability of surfacing on
Google for multiple different keywords.
Remember, on Google you're not just
ranking for one keyword. Like a blog
post could be ranking for 50 keywords.
Be ranking for 100 keywords, a lot of
which you might not even be aware of.
But uh we want to maximize our
opportunity by adding in a whole bunch
of clusters. So, we've created the blog
post, but I'm going to be real with you
guys, this is crap. And if you just stop
here, which most people do, you're never
going to see the real results you want
to see. And let me tell you why that is
the case, okay?
Let's read the first blog post or the
first paragraph and then you'll
understand why. In today's fast-paced
world, maintaining a functional
household is more important than ever
and few things are as frustrating as
blah blah blah blah blah. The point here
is that it is so boring to read and
nobody's going to sit through this guide
and read this whole AI slop blog post.
Plumbing articles are already incredibly
boring. I don't know a single person
that would enjoy a nice Saturday
afternoon with coffee reading blog post
articles on Google. Like that's just
sounds absolutely horrific. Um and if
you want
uh
web visitors to turn into paying
customers, we need to make the blog
posts way more exciting. How we do that
is we need it to sound more like you.
So, we need to train Claude on what you
sound like, your voice, how you write,
your tone, any stats your business has,
real numbers, how many drains have you
unclogged, how long you've been in
business, your stories, if there's any
anecdotes from, you know, past jobs or
work you've done and you always tell
other clients, you should have that
inside Claude so that it remembers
stories about you and your business and
can inject those personal stories into
your blog posts. Also same with
opinions. And the most important thing
is humor. You need to have, in my
opinion, humor. You just need to have
people that enjoy reading your blog
post. So, here's AI slop and then here's
what it looks like afterwards, okay?
It's injecting all this kind of stuff,
making it so much more enjoyable to
read. So, that's what we have to add in
next. So, for the next prompt, of
course, we need to add in your
personality. We need to add in your
writing style. We need to add in
everything, okay? So, how we do this is
you need to track down references to
transcripts,
uh phone calls or videos or emails that
you've written in Gmail or LinkedIn
posts or whatever the case may be. Okay,
so or just passages online that you
like. So, I have these two LinkedIn
posts here that I've generated, okay?
And I'm just going to copy this. And
inside of Claude code, I'm going to say,
"Please um
create a" and I already have this
actually in my
uh in my project here, but we have
references. Where is it? Right there.
Okay. And we have these files here on
our humor. So, Claude understands what
our humor is, what our opinions are,
what our stats, stories, voice. And so,
we need to update all of these files,
okay, with our passages that we're going
to add in here.
And voice. Okay, cool.
Please create a these files and update
them. And I already have them, so please
update
all of these files
from these LinkedIn posts.
Awesome. So, we're going to pull it out
now. And now it's going to understand
how we talk, what our humor is, all of
that kind of other stuff. Now, if you
don't have anything like this, you can
go to a reference like here, okay? I
actually came across this uh back in the
day when like when I was starting to
create blog posts and this really worked
well for me. I thought this writing
style was hilarious. I've got 99
problems, I feel bad for you, son. I've
got 99 problems, but humor ain't one. As
I wrote those words, all I could think
about was how embarrassed my 14-year-old
son would be reading that. So, this is
the kind of writing that I like because
if I was to read a blog post on
plumbing, if it was dry, if it was
boring, if it was serious, all that kind
of stuff, I would be gone immediately.
Or I'd be on the page for the least
amount of time humanly possible. If
there's humor, if there's personality, I
would enjoy it a lot more. So, we can
find [snorts]
a tone that we like and we can add this
in here. Please add this as a humor
reference. So, it's just finishing up
here, but let's just take a look at the
humor reference now and you'll be
shocked by how good Claude is at picking
up your exact style of humor. So, I put
this in here. Said, "Plumbing is boring,
your job is to make it more fun. Blog
Every blog post should be funny, this
isn't optional." So, the opening rule,
if the first 50 words don't land at
least one dad joke, which this whole
freaking thing is a series of dad jokes,
or a self-aware wink or a parenthetical
side, rewrite them. We are not a
brochure, we are a guy at the pub who
has had one beer and is he's now
explaining how the toilet works, which
is literally, by the way, exactly the
kind of humor that blends this and our
and our industry together, okay? So, now
we have all of these reference documents
on how we can create enjoyable content
for other people to actually read. The
next thing that we have to do in order
to revise this is one additional step.
And what that step is is we need to
steal from the search engine, okay? So,
if I type in
how much does a plumber cost?
Chances are what we want to do, okay?
Well, sorry, not chances are. What we
definitively want to do is find the top
three listing blog posts that are not
like Reddit. Um so, this one and this
one and this one. There is something
about these three blog posts that allow
them to rank very well on Google. It
could be the page length, it could be
the keywords, it could be um the images,
it could be whatever. We want Claude to
analyze the top three blog posts for the
particular keyword, steal what works
incredibly well, okay? And then take the
average of all three, which is the
winning formula, and generate our own
blog post structure based on that. So,
we're going to take the average word
count of all of these and we're going to
choose that as our word count. We're
going to take the average um H2, which
is heading two tags, and image uh images
and all that kind of stuff. Okay, so
that's what we're doing next. So, we're
going to merge these into one step. And
I actually have in here, and this whole
thing, by the way, guys, is going to be
down below for you guys to grab if you
want to, but I have prompts and we can
literally just copy this in.
Cool. So, in this case, I'm actually
just going to paste this in. Cool. And
so, all this prompt is doing is we're
getting it to rewrite the blog post
using our humor, voice, opinion, stats,
stories. We're making sure that before
it writes anything, it's going to
Google, finding the primary keyword,
okay? It's analyzing what they're doing
well and it's stealing at they're
stealing the format, the length, what
the topics are that they're covering, um
and all of that kind of stuff. And we
are all set. Let's take a look at the
results here. I got the new version and
the old version up. So, the old version
is in today's fast-paced world,
maintaining a functional household. In
this comprehensive guide, we'll explore
everything you need to know about low
water pressure and when it's time to
call a professional plumber. And in this
one, we have the dad jokes on autopilot.
Your toilet Your toilet has been hissing
for longer than most celebrity
marriages. It's 11:00 p.m., you're
Googling plumbing running for running
toilet instead of sleeping and you're
starting to take the sound personally.
Good news, you're probably not calling
anyone tonight. Okay, so it makes it way
more enjoyable to read. And this matters
for a very distinct reason and I'm going
to go super meta with this description.
I don't see a lot of people kind of
saying this, but this is um essentially
the crux of SEO.
So, in a nutshell, and I'm going to go
back to my slideshow right over here,
okay? Skip forward a couple slides.
Um SEO is a black box. What do I mean by
that? Nobody knows what ranks well on
SEO definitively. Not Google employees,
not SEMrush, not Ahrefs, not your friend
down the street. Nobody knows except for
the full algorithm.
It's business's core business model.
They don't release this kind of stuff.
There's over 200 rumored ranking signals
and we have a pretty good understanding
of what those actually are. It's not
like it's like totally unknown. Like
most of it is pretty well known, but
it's just not like concrete. We don't
know the percentages. So, for example,
the quality, depth, and um the dwell
time, how long people stay on your page,
what the bounce rate is, scroll depth,
click-through rate, all of this kind of
stuff. So, there's
hundreds of signals, okay? And so, how
you rank well on Google, if we just like
cuz obviously like if you rank for 200
signals, it just gets overwhelming and
you don't know what to do. I'm going to
make this dead simple for anyone
watching this.
How Here's how I win on Google, okay?
Reverse engineer what Google wants. They
want to make money, okay? All they
really want, at least in the most part,
is these sponsored results right here.
What does this do? This makes them
money. If you click this link, I just
cost this guy literally $10 right there.
Feel bad actually now for AtlasCare, but
if I click on this guy, I also costed
Root Brothers dossier about $10 there. I
also feel bad for doing that as well.
But anyways, my point being is that I
just paid Google $20, okay? I'm a loyal
Google customer. And uh essentially,
they want to serve more ads, okay? So,
how do they serve more ads? They provide
high-quality content to their viewers so
that those people come back over and
over and over again, okay? So, the more
high-quality content they can serve, the
more people like and trust Google and
the experience and they go back there
again and again and again. Ads need
attention, okay? So, Google will
essentially,
you know, Google will essentially serve
the best content to bring people back
again to serve them ads to make more
money. If you serve good, high-quality
content, then people are going to come
back over and over again. So, all of
these algorithms and metrics are really
important, but the number one key is
just content. If you can create good
content, then you're going to do very
well. Okay, so that's essentially it for
the
for this portion. The next portion
before we move on to things like, for
example,
technical SEO
and also on-page SEO and also off-page
SEO is we need to talk about the second
tactic here because we built blog posts,
okay?
And we're also going to talk about how
this scales. We also need to build
service pages as well. That's the second
tactic. So, the question becomes, well,
what is a service page and why does it
matter? So, a service page is kind of
like the homepage here, okay? You create
multiple different pages for money
keywords that people search in to buy
your products or your services. So, if I
type in plumbing Toronto, I'm not
looking for a blog post, I'm looking
directly to hire somebody. So, these are
money keywords where if I clicked on
here, I'd likely become a customer. If I
clicked on here, I'd likely become a
customer. If I type in things like how
does a toilet get unclogged or whatever,
I'm not looking to buy. This, I'm
looking to buy. You create service pages
where there's demand, okay? And so, the
distinction between the two is that blog
posts are going to give you topical
authority, telling Google, "Hey, I'm a
I'm a I have authority in the plumbing
space." You are going to do you're going
to pass on link equity to different
service pages and all that kind of
stuff. Um and we're going to talk about
this later, but essentially, you're
building brand authority, you're telling
Google that you're active and you're
trusted, okay? Why this matters, in my
opinion, is because you raise the tide.
And with the raising tide, all boats are
lifted. These boats are your money
keywords. These are the service pages
people actually fill out to become
paying customers. So, with the blog
posts, your whole domain authority,
okay, or the trust in your in your site
goes up, okay? And with that trust going
up, all of your other blog post or all
of your other service pages go higher
through the search engine rankings so
that more people are going to click it.
And again, if we go back to this graph,
the higher up you go, the more clicks
you get, the more money you make, okay?
So, that's the correlation between the
two, in my opinion. And on these service
pages, the goal is just to get people to
fill out the form so that you can call
them, close the deal, and make money.
So, we have to talk about how to create
these service pages.
I think about it like a zipper, okay?
You have two sides of the zipper. You
have the service and you have the city.
So, if you're in plumbing, what services
do you actually provide? Well, you might
provide emergency plumber, drain
cleaning, hot water repair, leak
detector. On the other side, you might
be in Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal, and
Edmonton.
So, how does the zipper work? Well, you
just kind of just tie them together. You
create a page for emergency plumbing
Vancouver, emergency plumber Toronto,
emergency plumber Montreal, emergency
plumber Edmonton, and then you go down
drain cleaning Vancouver, drain cleaning
uh
Toronto, drain cleaning Montreal, drain
cleaning Edmonton. You zip them together
into a service page that you serve
online, which ranks, you have people
inquire about those keywords, and then
you make money, okay? So, that's
essentially it. You have all these
different service pages ranking. You got
to be careful and prudent with this. You
don't want to have a thousand of these
service pages. You want to be tasteful.
There's no objective metric where it's
like 52.7 is the cap. Um but I I
certainly would not have thousands and I
probably wouldn't even have like
multiple hundreds. I'd I'd just be very
careful with this because when you're
doing service pages, it's not like blog
pages where blog pages cover multiple
depths. Like every blog post will be
very different. With service pages, the
content is very similar, so you don't
want to have as many as possible because
that could be a negative indicator to
Google to not show your content. So,
just uh you know, you want to have
service pages, just don't go crazy with
it. Okay, cool. So, we need to actually
create these service pages. So, if we go
back to CloudCode, the next prompt is
that we want to uh build out these
service pages. Actually, before we do
that, we need to actually find where
these service pages are.
You obviously are probably going to know
a lot of the service page keywords that
you can you can, you know, tie together
and you can put in the cities. And even
if it's not cities, you can do
municipalities. So, in your city, there
might be like 10 municipalities that you
rank for if you're just in one
geographical location. But um inside
SEMrush, what we can do is we can go
back to the keyword magic tool over
here, type in the root keyword plumbing.
Okay.
And we can sort by cost per click. Cost
per click means how much money are
people spending every single time you
click, okay? This is a bit
overexaggerated. This is just bad data.
There's no way it's $700 per cost per
click, but usually it's between 3 and
$20 is is typically what it is. But
these are money keywords. These are what
people advertisers are paying. These are
what your competitors are paying for.
So, these are the keywords you probably
want to rank for. So, if we just like go
through these, you can just take a look.
Plumber West Chase. I'm assuming West
Chase and Tiburon are locations. Baxley,
probably too. Arnold, MD. Baldwin Park,
CA. Westmont. And so, you can see clear
money keyword trends. It's service,
city. Service, city. Service, city.
City, service. And so, those are the
keywords that you want to rank your
service pages for where people are
searching. Like honestly, if you had a
customer and they're looking for your
service, the first thing they'd do, if
they didn't know plumbers with the is
they'd type in plumber or plumbing
Toronto, they'd call the first five
different people here, okay?
And so,
whatever your customers are searching
up, that's what you want to grab. We can
go ahead and grab a bunch of these,
okay? I'm just going to grab this one.
We're going to apply this to a new
keyword called service pages, okay? And
then we can head over to this service
page list and we can export all of the
keywords as CSV files. As a CSV file.
Awesome. And then, of course, we can
drag that CSV file in to Anti-Gravity
down here. I'm going to call this
service
keywords. And we're going to do the
exact same thing like we did before,
just only this time for service pages.
I'm going to type this
in. I want to build out a page with the
primary keyword from this. This is a
landing page specifically for city and
service.
The landing page should look pretty much
the same as the homepage, okay? So, I'm
just going to choose a keyword here and
that's going to be this guy right
and send it. Now, there's one thing
that's kind of like
in between the lines that I said there,
which is the landing page should look
the same as the homepage. Let me explain
what I mean
by that. You don't have to do that.
That's just how I typically do it. So,
what's worked tremendously well for me
is, of course, you want SEO where you
rank up through the search engine,
right? That's just a good practice. You
want to get as high up as possible. But
your business is a funnel. Just because
somebody gets to your landing page,
doesn't mean they're going to fill out
the form. And just because they fill out
the form and the the landing page become
a lead, doesn't mean that you're going
to close the deal, okay? So, what So,
there's multiple stages and you have to
isolate every stage and improve it so
that you get the maximum amount of
people going to your website. And then
once they're on the website, the maximum
amount of people converting to a lead
and then the maximum amount of leads
converting into paying customers. And
so, one thing that I did is I ran Google
Ads, okay? And I tested my
landing pages. I had like five or 10
variations. I tested which one performed
the best. I got the best performing
landing page to be a 20% conversion
rate, meaning one in every five people
that went to my website converted into a
paying customer. So, you want to find
the winning formula and then use that
winning formula on every single one of
your service pages so that you get a lot
of people, okay, going to your page
through SEO and a lot of people on your
page actually converting into leads. So,
the page has been generated and here we
go. We have a service page via our home
page, service page, home page.
Difference is is that we're ranking for
a particular keyword. So now when
somebody searches this in to oops this
into Google
ideally this page would surface and we
would have people clicking on it. If
you're brand new site this would be very
hard to do but blog posts will help you
rise to the rankings and also good on
page SEO and technical SEO
pardon me will get you there too which
brings us to the next section which is
on page SEO. Now here's the deal with on
page SEO.
We're going to talk in a way where you
don't need to know any of this kind of
stuff. You just need this checklist. You
import the checklist in a cloud code.
You get the results. That's it. That's
where we're keeping it. I There's no way
in this video I can cover all this kind
of stuff because this would take like 6
to 12 hours to go through everything.
There are companies out there especially
the ones high up on Google that have
entire teams. Like their whole business
model is on page SEO and technical SEO
and off page SEO and that's all they do
and they get leads and they sell those
leads to other people. That's why it's
so hard to compete with them but you
don't necessarily like now with cloud
code you're on an even level playing
field where you can build sites that are
technically optimized that will get you
up through the rankings because all you
need to do is just literally copy this
whole thing. And so that's what we're
going to do. We're just and this will be
down below for free for you guys to copy
but all we're doing is just copying and
letting cloud do the heavy lifting. Just
a couple things. We need to make sure
that we have
I don't know. Like for example external
links. This is good for SEO. Internal
links to
uh our other blog posts. We need to make
sure we have primary keywords in the
first 100 years. We need to make sure
every blog post has four to eight
questions that we have to ask. We need
to have exactly one H one like a header
one. There's multiple headings in a blog
post. You can have H1, H2, H3 and so on
and so forth. And so there's 80 plus
signals here. Okay? So many signals it's
very hard to There's just no way that we
could go through it all and if you
wanted to do this manually you this
would be more than a full time job.
Probably require teams of people.
Luckily we can get this done incredibly
quickly. So that's going to be down
below in the description. The prompt's
also going to be down below but
essentially what we're doing here is
we're pasting in that whole thing. Okay?
And then we're just saying
um
we're saying this. Can you please upload
the blog posts or update the blog post
with the on page SEO checklist item from
this. We also need to add in uh we also
we also need to add all the following
items but still maintain the voice and
style of the blog post. So what I mean
by that is we don't want to revert this
blog post into some dry boring crappy uh
post. We want to maintain the humor. We
want it to still be something enjoyable,
right? There's a
fine balance between optimizing for SEO
but also content is king ultimately.
Like if people don't enjoy the blog
posts and they bounce right away you're
never going to get through the search
engine. You're never going to go up
through the search engine. So it's a
balance between the two states being
funny, enjoyable to read and also
heading all the SEO markers. Okay. So
the page is up and we can cross
reference just a couple of these so you
guys can see. First of all it's added in
two to three external links and internal
links as well. So if we were to look at
this, okay? It's referring to other
pages on our website. We look at this
same kind of deal. It's referring to
something else. We look at this it's
actually Claude is actually going out.
It's finding relevant uh blog posts and
then it's incorporating those as links
onto our page. Okay? So we hit five and
three to five internal links, two to
three external links. Okay? We also have
the primary keyword being used in the
first 100 words. If we go back up we
have running toilet over here and
plumber for running toilet right over
there as well.
So it's done both of those and then we
also have um
the meta title and description created.
So if we were to look at a meta title
and description. If I type in how much
does a plumber cost, okay? This blue
text here is the meta title. This gray
text here is the meta description.
Nowhere on our page do we actually code
like do we write that visibly? It's
invisible on the page. You can't
actually see it. How you do see it is
hitting the three dots, going to more
tools and developer tools and then uh we
on the element tab
we should be able to see it somewhere
here. Now um
>> [clears throat]
>> I'm going to search for this OG.
Cool. So right here. We got the meta
title. So this is essentially if we were
to just recreate this this is what it
would look like if we ranked our site.
We'd have plumber for running toilet,
okay? And then we'd have the description
if I can find that. Yep. Here it is. And
then we'd also have the description
right over here. So if we were to paste
this in
>> [sighs]
>> uh
in the span
it would look something like that.
Cool. So this is what our page would
look like. Plumber for a running toilet
fix or call. Running toilet won't stop
and nine out of 10 times it's a $20
flapper you can swap in 30 minutes.
However, here's how to tell and how to
fix it and all that kind of stuff. Okay,
cool. So we have gone through and we
have optimized our page with over 80
plus items while also still maintaining
the integrity of the page like the
the humor and all of that kind of stuff.
Again, this is something that you would
have had to hire somebody for or a team
of people to do full time that now
Claude is doing in a matter of just a
couple minutes. Cool. So you're going to
want to do this for both the blog posts
as well as the service pages. You should
be doing this on every single page. Now
that we've covered the on page SEO now
let's talk about the technical SEO.
Technically this is still on page. Like
you're still we're still doing stuff on
page but it's a lot more technical. This
is where you would previously actually
need coding experience to run this. So
there's three steps. We need to add
something called a site map. This is how
Google knows what pages you have and
knows how to add it into the search
engine. This is how you actually get
things on Google. If Google doesn't know
your page exists then no matter what you
do with on page or whatever
um
you're never going to get ranked. So
that's critical. Next thing robots.txt.
This is just telling Google what pages
are
is it allowed to scrape and what pages
is it not allowed to scrape. Typically
speaking you want it to scrape
everything except for if you have like
an admin login. You don't want to like
rank your ability to log into your
dashboard and change and edit posts.
That's just something you'd want to
avoid. There might be other things you
want to avoid as well and so anything
you don't want to rank you just add to
this robots.txt. The most important one
though or I guess may well very
important one is the Google lighthouse
um that we have to optimize for. So
Google has a product called lighthouse
and it gives you a performance report on
your site. It scans the whole thing. It
scores your website on four indicators
SEO, accessibility, best practices and
speed and we need to get this to be like
100 out of 100 every single time we run
this. So how we do this is we hit three
dots, go to more tools, head over to
developer tools and you see these two
arrows? We click that, go to lighthouse
and now we can analyze our page load.
Cool. And so here's the results that we
got back. We have SEO 92 out of 100,
best practices 100 out of 100,
accessibility 96 out of 100 and
performance 53 out of 100. This is not
good. This means the page loads slow.
There's performance issues and Google
will look at that and be like, "Yeah,
we're going to rank this person less
because of that and because of the SEO."
And so if you wanted to pardon me fix
this in the good old days before large
language models you'd have to understand
or learn what render blocking requests
are, what legacy JavaScript is, what LCP
request discovery is, what network
dependency trees are, what reduce
JavaScript execution time is and all
this other kind of stuff. Now chances
are
you probably don't want to do any of
that. Let me show you how Claude Code
can solve this very quickly. First thing
is you need to open up all of these tabs
so that you see everything that actually
goes into it. And we also need to do
this for SEO too. Okay? We're going to
open up whatever is wrong here and then
we're going to open up whatever is wrong
here as well. Cool. So there's a couple
issues with this
and we got this one too. All we have to
do to get this score to 100% so that
Google's really happy with us is we just
copy this whole report and then we head
back to um Claude and then we just paste
this whole report in and we say um
here's my lighthouse report. Can you
please optimize it so that I have a 100%
score across all areas performance,
accessibility, best practices, SEO. Can
you also generate the robot.txt file and
the sitemap.xml file? Beautiful. The
site's been completed. Let's take a
look. First of all let's go over to the
sitemap.xml.
God it screams
sounds like I'm screaming at Google
right now. We can see all of the
different pages that have been created.
This will be submitted to Google. Google
will now um
rank or index all of these pages in
Google so that you can officially rank
up the process. Unless Google knows what
your what your pages are and that they
exist it's just not going to do that.
We're going to talk about how you can
submit this later on. And then we also
have robots.txt
and this is what we're giving permission
to Google to scrape. They're going to
have crawlers that go across every page
and grab all the information and index
it properly. And so this is what we're
doing and
yeah, we're allowing it to scrape the
entire website. Now, let's take a look
at the new page here and the report
based on
the changes that we made. So again,
we're going to hit the three dots, more
tools, developer tools. We're going to
head over to Lighthouse, hit the two
arrows over there if you don't see it.
We're going to analyze the page load
speed again.
This time it should be substantially
better. Okay, good. So 100% 100% 100%
and 96%. If you don't get to 100%, no
problem. You just go back to the drawing
board and say, "Hey, you know, we didn't
get to 100%. Here's the reasons why."
You paste in everything over again and
it will solve it. It it'll just go back
and you you can just go back and forth
with it until it's completely solved.
And so that's really technical SEO
broken down. Something that again, you'd
have to hire a full team of people to
do. Um would be very technical, very
costly to do. You can now get Cloud
Code, do it pretty much instantly. Okay,
cool. Let's move on to the next step
here, which is tying it all together
with something called a Cloud Code
skill. Right now, we've built out a
service page, we've built out a blog
post and that's fantastic, but it's
taken us a lot of time to actually do
this. So what we want to do is we want
to bottle or package up everything we
built so that we can literally just type
in blog and from this one keyword alone,
okay, or service or whatever,
we can actually generate an entire blog
post that does everything that we just
we just did. It's it's optimized for
on-page SEO, technical SEO. It'll grab a
keyword, form the keyword clusters, do
the market research about what's ranking
well. It will write according to your
own style, all of that kind of stuff.
And so that's where the skill comes into
play.
Can you please create a skill for me
called
blog. I'm just writing that in.
Where we automatically generate blog
posts with all of the details that we
just covered in this conversation. We
need to grab a keyword from
keywords.csv.
Then we need to create a keyword
cluster. We need to publish that blog
post and pull in pictures from Pexel. We
need to also add in our writing style,
voice, tone, humor. We need to then
optimize it for on-page SEO. And for the
technical SEO, we need to make sure that
we use the same standard template every
single time. We've already optimized the
technical SEO.
I want you to
reuse the same page structure for every
future blog post. Cool. I'm just going
to change the spelling mistakes, fire it
off, and now we have it done. So it's
been completed and now when we type into
a new chat, you'll just need to refresh
the chat for the effects to take
take hold. Now we can type in blog and
literally just send that off. Oops, for
whatever reason I got
error there. We'll send that off and now
this is just going to go through that
whole process. You could set this up to
run automatically at 9:00 a.m. in the
morning and it's going to search the
keywords, make sure that we don't reuse
the same keyword that we've already
used, and then it's just going to go
through the whole process of building
this out. This is how you can make
multiple blog posts exceptionally fast.
Imagine you as one person
with this skill versus a whole team of
20 people. Who do you think's going to
go faster? You with Cloud Code running
24/7 or that team? Obviously you with
Cloud Code is going to outbeat like an
entire team. But there is one caveat
here. You don't want to just throw off
like a thousand blog posts
simultaneously because Google is going
to pick up on the spike in
volume. You need to take it slow. You
need to go at a normal cadence. Day one,
post once. Day two, post once again. Day
three, maybe twice. Day five, three
times. Day eight, four times. And I
would keep it reasonable. You shouldn't
ever be probably posting like a thousand
blog posts a day. That's an easy way for
you to get banned on Google. So you have
to be reasonable about it. It's all
about
it's all about playing the slow well,
it's not slow, but it's it's
exceptionally fast, but you got to be
mindful with that. Okay, so now we've
created a Cloud skill. You can do the
same thing for service pages as well.
The next thing is is we're going to talk
about off-page SEO. And this is just
going to be purely theoretical. We're
not going to go over this
in great depth here because if I'm being
honest with you, I do not do this. I
have done this in the past. It used to
work really well in 2015 or sorry, not
2015, like 2018, 2019, 2020, but Google
always updates their algorithm and every
algorithm update, usually the people
that get screwed are the people that do
off-page SEO. Off-page SEO can work and
it can help you rank, but equally so,
I've seen so many people have their
businesses devastated by off-page SEO
that I just decided I'm not like a
full-blown expert in this. I'm not going
to even try. Now you can go to sites
like Upwork.com and you can hire the top
1% of backlinkers and that's exactly
what I tried to do. Funny enough, I
quizzed them. I said, "Hey, give me a
website that you
did off-page backlinking for. Tell me
the start date and the end date." And
between when they started and when they
ended, literally it was like a
a line that just went down. It was just
the the performance tanked. So even
people that say they know what they're
doing often don't know what they're
doing, okay? And what typically happens
is you have people that will say, "I'll
get you 100 backlinks for $5. I'll get
you whatever."
Um this is the trap. This kills websites
instantly because what they do is PBNs.
And I actually don't know what PBN
stands for. Um
uh
backlinking, let's just see.
Okay, it's private blog networks. So
what this is is they're link farms.
There's somebody out there that has like
10,000 websites and then you submit your
link for a price or your site for a
price and then they have 10,000 websites
linking to you. Sounds great. Problem is
is that Google is smart enough to detect
these immediately and once you get
entered into the system, then you're
going to get screwed and it's going to
be
possibly
impossible to remove it and it will
permanently damage your site. You might
get blacklisted entirely from Google or
you're going to be spending a long time
trying to repair it. And so most cheap
SEO experts are going to do something
similar to this and even if they don't
do exactly something black hat that will
get you banned immediately, they're
going to do something that very likely
will get you banned in three years from
now. It might be good today. Three years
from now, you're going to sit back and
you're going to be like, "I paid that
mother effort like freaking like $5,000
and they screwed my website and now I
have to like start again or whatever."
So I'd be very careful. Let me tell you
four legit ways that you can do this.
Number one is broken backlink swapping.
So again, you use something like SEMrush
or SEMrush. We're going to go over this
really quick. You do a site audit of a
player like Homestars.com. It will give
you all their backlinks. You can find
broken links. Broken links meaning that
somewhere on their page they have a link
to an external site and that doesn't
work anymore, okay? It links somewhere.
It doesn't work. It gets a 404 error.
Doesn't find the page. Maybe the website
went under. Maybe the business went
under. They deleted the page. Whatever
the case may be. They updated the URL.
Doesn't matter. Doesn't exist anymore.
You can reach out to them, okay? And you
can be like, "Hey, I saw that this link
is broken. I have another page that
covers the exact same material. You can
Cloud to build the page. Do you want to
swap my link out for their link, okay?"
Takes quite a bit time and
and there's no guarantee that they'll
say yes. Next one is guest posting. So
if we go into Google, okay, and we type
in plumbing
plus
write for us, okay? You want to have the
quotations here to get the exact match.
There's a lot of companies out there
that will ask you to write blog posts
for them.
Why that matters is because they get the
credit of having an additional blog
post. Now all of a sudden everyone can
write for them, but you also have a link
back to your site. And that link is
called a backlink. A backlink is an
external website that's not your
website, okay? Could be YouTube, could
be Facebook, could be Instagram, it
could be somebody else's website, any
online resource that has a link to your
site, okay? So if we take a look, if
this link was to go to your site, that
is technically a backlink. So you can
write for them and then put a link back
to your page. So that's guest posting.
Another one is called Hero Journalism.
So
essentially, there's journalists out
there that will ask questions. They'll
submit a query. They'll be like, "How
can you best unclog a toilet? All of our
readership needs to know this question.
We haven't found a solution for it yet."
And then you being the expert plumber
you are, come along and say, "Well,
actually, I can help solve that question
on how exactly you should unplug your
toilet." You give them the answer.
They're like, "Wow, that's so insightful
on how to unplug a toilet. I just never
thought in a million years I'd ever
understand how to unplug a toilet as
well as that."
I'm being
>> [laughter]
>> I'm being facetious, but you get the
point. So, you they submit a question,
you answer it, and then they give you a
backlink onto your page. And then the
last thing is paid quality backlinks.
So, there's a ton of sites out there,
and I could get this wrong, but I'm
pretty sure sites like TechCrunch or
like Forbes or whatever,
it's a pay-to-play model. And I could be
wrong with these two, but there's a lot
of sites out there that do this. Where
you pay them 100 bucks, 1,000 bucks,
500, 10 bucks, or whatever, and they
will make a blog post, or they will
include a link at the very least back to
your particular website. So, you're
paying for reputable reputable domains
to link back to you. Why these links
matter is because there's link juice.
When somebody links from them to you,
that passes authority
to you, that passes trust to you, that
passes um you know, good markers to you.
Google picks up on that, and you go up
through the ranks. This is not something
that I um think is required to be able
to succeed. I honestly think the best
thing to do is just find the golden
nugget keywords, the needles in a
haystack, the ones we've already gone
over, and just rank there. But I want to
include this to be as comprehensive as
possible. Okay, cool. So, the last thing
is that we need to deploy the site, and
then once it's deployed, then we have to
do these four steps. So, let's get into
it right now. Right currently, our
website is on a local host server. That
means that nobody else in the world can
access it, only us. What that really
means is that we have all these static
files and folders here that render this
particular project. How we deploy it for
free is using two tools. One is called
Vercel, and one is called GitHub. GitHub
is the first stop. It is kind of like
Google Drive for code. You upload your
code, and then, you know, you have
access to it online.
What you want to do is hit uh create a
new repo, okay? And we can just walk
through this together. I'm going to call
this SEO
um
brief. You probably want this to be
private, so nobody else has access to
it, and you create the repository. All
you have to do is copy this code right
here,
okay, by hitting the copy button, and I
felt it was necessary to highlight that.
I don't know why. Um
and then come back into Cloud Code and
say, "Please upload my whole project
here."
Okay, cool. So, you upload it here,
okay? And then, I've already done this,
so I'm not going to go through the whole
process of this again, but in a
nutshell, you will have your whole
project here. Then you head over to
Vercel, okay? And you will create a free
account, add a new project. You will
need to combine or connect um
GitHub into Vercel.
Once you've done that, you can import
your project, and then deploy it in 60
seconds by clicking this button here.
The only thing is, you have to make sure
the application preset is set set to
Next.js for this to work. And once
you've done that, then you will have
your site live, ready to go. You can
open it from this link here, and if you
want to add in your own domain, you can
uh easily do that as well with the
domain tab. You can buy it straight
through Vercel for a cost. You can
import it from sites like Namecheap, for
example, um where you can buy external
sites very cheap.
Cool. So, that's essentially it. Once
you have gone ahead and you've exported
your site, then you can do the four
remaining steps. Number one is you
should have a free Google My Business
listing online. This is probably the
lowest-hanging fruit that anyone can do
in 2026 to get uh clicks online. So, you
go to Google My Business, and this
provides you with a business listing for
free to help you stand out, okay? So, if
you type in Toronto
plumber,
all these links right here, these are
Google My Business listings, okay? A lot
of people click this. They go to your
website, give you a call, you name it.
And so, this is an very easy way to get
thousands of clicks every single month,
I believe. I could be wrong, but I think
that's what it is. Google Search Console
is the next thing, and this
will help you track all of your search.
And on top of that, um you can also
upload your DN you can upload your site
map to it. So, how you do this is once
you have your Vercel website, you would
copy the URL right over here. So, it'd
be this one, and then we paste it into
URL prefix here. And it looks like it's
giving me an error because I don't have
the full URL. So, we need to grab
this link, copy link address,
paste it back in here.
Then you can add that URL into the
prefix over here, click continue, and
essentially, the Google Search Console
is going to ask for you to verify that
you actually own the site. The easiest
way to do this is the HTML tag, so we
can copy this link over here, paste it
directly into Cloud Code, and I'm just
going to say,
"Please add this meta tag to the website
for the Google Search Console
verification, and then deploy this live
to GitHub and then to Vercel." Awesome.
And it looks like there is a spelling
mistake there, so I'm just going to send
it off. Now, this will push the whole
site live, and once that's been
completed, we should be able to verify
the site, and then get access to the
Google Search Console. Once inside, in
the sitemap section, you can just type
in your uh sitemap URL, which should be
sitemap.xml, submit it, and now every
single page of yours is going to be
tracked inside Google. Another really
cool trick is that inside the search
bar, you can just type in a page that
you just deployed. Let's say, I don't
know, I'm just going to call this
version five for now. But let's say you
just created this page, you could enter
it into the bar up top here, and then
you can request indexing. And this is
how you could get a page live on Google
within one day of you creating it.
Usually, it takes a long time for this
to happen, sometimes weeks, even months.
This will allow you to do it in a matter
of a day. You can't do this in un in Oh
my gosh, I can't say that properly. An
unlimited amount of times. Usually, you
get restricted to like 10 requests every
single day. You can request it, then
it'll be indexed. Next thing is, you
probably want Google Analytics set up,
so that you can track visitors'
behavior. And the last thing is is you
want to probably test your landing pages
to see what converts the best, and then
find the winning formula, and then use
that for all of your existing pages.
Just remember, don't dump 1,000 pages
onto your website immediately. That will
not bode well for you. And that's
essentially it for this video, guys. I
hope you found value in this video. Uh
if you did, make sure to hit that
subscribe button and like button down
below. Got a free community with all the
resources in there. And I also have a
paid community where there are two
transformations.
The first one is the fact that if you're
looking to become a freelancer or create
your own AI automation business, I'll
show you how you can find, close, and
fulfill your first deal within 30 days
or less. Hundreds of people have made it
work. These people uh a lot of them
don't have uh background in freelancing
or running a business, and I'll walk you
through every single step you need in
order to get up and running. Like we
will go through tailored step by step
Ever Oh my gosh, that scared the hell
out of me. Um but every single step to
uh to to get you to your first client.
Then the second transformation is how
you can automate for business owners,
how you can automate up to 80% of your
existing business. I'll give you the
exact blueprints that allowed me to
scale to eight uh to seven figures. You
can copy and paste them into your
business to hopefully achieve very
similar results. The thing is is that
obviously, there's bumps along the way.
It's not a linear line. You have highs,
lows, and all that kind of stuff. And
so, when you do encounter trouble, you
can always jump on seven live calls
every single week and get uh feedback.
We can talk one-to-one. Uh sorry, we can
talk in a a group call, and and I can
help you along the way. And also, if you
do have a business and you just don't
have time to implement these solutions
yourself, you can take a look at my
agency, where we can jump on a free
30-minute call and show you exactly how
you can use AI to make your business
more profitable. So, thanks, guys, for
watching, and I'll see you in the next
one.